Just as with objects with a raise you can also do a destructuring assignment.
So what we'll do is this time we'll make some colors and we'll put those in an array.
Somebody like red blue and green.
And then after that we'll make some variables here will do.
Actually I can just do the short cut.
So in this case just first color which is going to be like purple and then the second color which will
be something like Gray.
Now after I do that the next thing that I can do is assign things so I can do first color and then second
color and instead of equal to the colors in the array.
And then I'll do cancel that log.
First color second color then I'll copy it if I can.
There we go.
Copy down below and you can see I assigned these two different variables brand new values.
And unlike object destructuring with array destructuring assignments you don't have to wrap it in parentheses
so you can just leave this as is.